TiFlash late materialization GA (#13236)
pingcap/docs: system-variables.md

- Scope: SESSION | GLOBAL
- Persists to cluster: Yes
- Type: Boolean
- Default value: `ON`

> - This variable is used to control whether to enable the [TiFlash late materialization](/tiflash/tiflash-late-materialization.md) feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This variable is used to control whether to enable the [TiFlash late materialization](/tiflash/tiflash-late-materialization.md) feature. Note that TiFlash late materialization does not take effect in the [disaggregated storage and compute architecture](/tiflash/tiflash-disaggregated-and-s3.md) and [fast scan mode](/tiflash/use-fastscan.md).
```

> - When this variable is set to `OFF` to disable the TiFlash late materialization feature, when processing a `SELECT` statement with filter conditions (`WHERE` clause), TiFlash scans all the data of the required columns before filtering. When this variable is set to `ON` to enable the TiFlash late materialization feature, TiFlash can first scan the column data related to the filter conditions which are pushed down to TableScan, filter the rows that meet the conditions, and then scan the data of other columns of these rows for further calculations, thereby reducing IO scans and computations of data processing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When this variable is set to `OFF` to disable the TiFlash late materialization feature, to process a `SELECT` statement with filter conditions (`WHERE` clause), TiFlash scans all the data of the required columns before filtering. When this variable is set to `ON` to enable the TiFlash late materialization feature, TiFlash can first scan the column data related to the filter conditions that are pushed down to the TableScan operator, filter the rows that meet the conditions, and then scan the data of other columns of these rows for further calculations, thereby reducing IO scans and computations of data processing.
```
